go up
What are you doing here?
I'm in the underground parking lot
I controlled two small ones.
God what are you looking at
A mouse ran past why
OK, I see.
Ah, it doesn't matter.
But can you change the small condition?
Okay, accompany me to a place tomorrow.
Then I'll take you back first.
Mr. Qi
Jiang Yonghui is indeed still super
But the other party contacted him through his bodyguard
I don't know what kind of dog the other party is
Is it called Jack Ma's bodyguard?
1555 is a base
What about the two dragons?
All they know is Jiang Yonghui
However, Jiang Yonghui is already the vice president of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Few people of higher status than him are counted in Sea City
We can go one by one.
You can press and hold it first
Maybe Jiang Yonghui's grades are not